Add support for socks connection to Git backend (#17640)
netbox-community/netbox: docs/features/synchronized-data.md

!!! info
    Data backends which connect to external sources typically require the installation of one or more supporting Python libraries. The Git backend requires the [`dulwich`](https://www.dulwich.io/) package, and the S3 backend requires the [`boto3`](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/index.html) package. These must be installed within NetBox's environment to enable these backends.

!!! info

>     If you are configuring Git and have HTTP_PROXIES set to use the SOCKS protocol, you will also need to install the [`python_socks`](https://pypi.org/project/python-socks/) package.

Reviewer: Why is `python-socks` needed?

Author: It does all the handling for socks, see import in utilities/socks.py line 15

>     If you are configuring Git and have HTTP_PROXIES set to use the SOCKS protocol, you will also need to install the [`python_socks`](https://pypi.org/project/python-socks/) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are configuring Git and have `HTTP_PROXIES` configured to use the SOCKS protocol, you will also need to install the [`python_socks`](https://pypi.org/project/python-socks/) Python library.
```
